[omit] Add documentation for omitting endpoints (#15)
TempleEight/temple-docs: TempleEight/docs/guide/omitting-endpoints.md

title: Omitting Endpoints
sidebar_label: Omitting Endpoints
---

> Whenever you define a new service in your `Templefile`, we automatically generate 4 endpoints:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever you define a new service in your `Templefile`, the following 4 endpoints are automatically generated:
```

1. `CREATE`: Create a new object with the provided attributes
2. `READ`: Read an existing object for a given ID
3. `UPDATE`: Update an existing object with the new provided attributes, using the ID
4. `DELETE`: Delete an object from the datastore, using the ID

> Sometimes you might not want this endpoint at all, or might want to define your own custom implementation, as is shown in the [adding endpoints](adding-endpointsmd) guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes you might not want a particular endpoint at all, or might want to define your own custom implementation, as is shown in the [adding endpoints](adding-endpointsmd) guide.
```
